README.md, before:

# Asset Store Checker

Asset Store Checker is a simple chrome extension that periodically checks your revenue on Unity Asset Store and displays it right in the chrome toolbar.

![Icon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PhannGor/phanngor.github.io/master/stuff/storechecker/images/01.png)

It also shows a notification if something has sold.

![Notification](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PhannGor/phanngor.github.io/master/stuff/storechecker/images/02.png)

## How to install

* Visit `chrome://extensions` in your browser (or open up the Chrome menu by clicking the icon to the far right of the Omnibox:  The menu's icon is three horizontal bars. and select **Extensions** under the **Tools** menu to get to the same place).

* Ensure that the **Developer mode** checkbox in the top right-hand corner is checked.

* Click **Load unpacked extension…** to pop up a file-selection dialog.

* Navigate to the directory in which the extension files live, and select it.

Alternatively, you can drag and drop the directory where the extension files live onto `chrome://extensions` in your browser to load it.

## How to use

The extension does not require any additional settings, just make sure you're logged in on the Asset Store with your publisher account.

Commit message:

upgrade to v3 with firefox support (other branch)

README.md, after:

# Unity Asset Store Sales (originally Asset Store Checker)

Unity Asset Store Sales is a simple extension that's periodically checking your revenue on Unity Asset Store and displays it right in the toolbar and in via notification using Manifest v3 API.

![Icon](https://cdn.archive.frostweepgames.com/files/browser-extensions-sales-icon.png)

It also shows a notification if something has sold.

![Notification](https://cdn.archive.frostweepgames.com/files/browser-extensions-sales-notification.png)

## How to install in Chrome

* Visit `chrome://extensions` in your browser (or open up the Chrome menu by clicking the icon to the far right of the Omnibox:  The menu's icon is three horizontal bars. and select **Extensions** under the **Tools** menu to get to the same place).

* Ensure that the **Developer mode** checkbox in the top right-hand corner is checked.

* Click **Load unpacked extension…** to pop up a file-selection dialog.

* Navigate to the directory in which the extension files live, and select it.

Alternatively, you can drag and drop the directory where the extension files live onto `chrome://extensions` in your browser to load it.

## How to install in ![Firefox](https://github.com/frostweep/unity-asset-store-sales-browser-extension/tree/firefox)

* Visit `about:debugging#/runtime/this-firefox` in your browser.

* Click **Load Temporary Add-on** to pop up a file-selection dialog.

* Navigate to the directory in which the extension files live, and select manifest.json file.

## How to use

The extension does not require any additional settings, just make sure you're logged in on the Asset Store with your publisher account.
